[ADD] Recruitment: add new job position (#4350)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/new_job.rst

  candidate to select multiple answers
- :guilabel:`Matrix`: a customizable table that allows the candidate to choose an answer for each
  row

Questions and sections can be reorganized. Click and drag individual sections or questions to the
desired position to move them.

Sections are indicated by a gray background, questions have a white background.

.. image:: new_job/questions-matrix.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A sample of categories and questions for a candidate.

Next, configure the options for the interview form. Click the :guilabel:`Options` tab to view all
the options to configure, by category.

.. image:: new_job/options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Various options to configure for the interview form.

Questions
~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Layout`: Choose how the questions should be displayed.

  - :guilabel:`One page with all the questions`: Display all sections and questions at the same
    time.
  - :guilabel:`One page per section`: Display each section with the corresponding questions on an
    individual page.
  - :guilabel:`One page per question`: Display a single question on each page.

> - :guilabel:`Progression Mode`: Display the progress the candidate is making, either as a percent
>   (*percentage*), or as a number (*number*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Progression Mode`: Display the progress the candidate is making, either as a
  :guilabel:`Percentage`, or as a :guilabel:`Number`.
```

- :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit`: Check this box to limit the time allowed to complete the form. When
  selected, a field to enter the minutes appears next to the checked box. Enter the time (using an
  XX:XX minute/second format) in the field.

> - :guilabel:`Selection`: Display the entire form (*all questions*), or only a random selection of
>   questions from each section (*randomized per section*). The latter is not typically selected for
>   an interview form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Selection`: Display the entire form (e.g. :guilabel:`All questions`), or only a random
  selection of questions from each section (:guilabel:`Randomized per section`).

  .. note::
     Although it is a selectable option, the :guilabel:`Randomized per section` option is not
     typically selected for an interview form.
```

percentage the candidate needs to pass the exam (example, 80.00%). The entry should be written in an
“XX.XX” format.

Candidates
~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Access Mode`: Specify who can access the exam. Either :guilabel:`Anyone with the link`
  or :guilabel:`Invited people only`.
- :guilabel:`Appraisal Managers Only`: Check this box so only the managers who are reviewing the
  exam can see the answers. If left unchecked, anyone can view the results.
- :guilabel:`Login Required`: Check this box to require candidates to log in before taking the exam,
  whether they have a valid token or not.
- :guilabel:`Attempts Limit`: If there is a limit to how many times the exam can be taken, check
  this box, then enter the maximum attempt number in the field next to it.

Live Session
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Reward quick answers`: If the exam is to be taken live, check this box to award more
  points to participants who answer quickly.
- :guilabel:`Session Code`: Enter an access code that will allow the viewers into the live exam
  session.

After all fields have been entered, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes, or click

> :guilabel:`Discard` to delete the changes.

Reviewer: moving this down here
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Discard` to delete the changes.

.. image:: new_job/options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Various options to configure for the interview form.
```

=============
Job positions
=============

> In the default *Recruitment* dashboard view, all job positions are shown, regardless of status.

Author: From our meeting we had on Guilabels, I don't think this would get one. The name dashboard isn't truly "official", I was calling it the dashboard since that just made sense- and you don't click on anything really, you are clicking on the Recruitment app tile from the main Odoo page, and you are taken here.

> In the default *Recruitment* dashboard view, all job positions are shown, regardless of status.

Reviewer: Think in this case we're just saying the app name in a general sense, so italics is fine.

If were're suggesting (or hinting) to navigate here, we can also do it like this below. This is what I personally do because I think there's an implication to navigate here:
```suggestion
In the default :menuselection:`Recruitment` dashboard view, all job positions are shown, regardless of status.
```
If `Recruitment` is the name of the dashboard (the text heading is on the UI), a gui works too, however I don't think that's as useful, as say, calling out specific button link text during an active instruction.

All three seem to work, they just have different connotations. Up to you @larm-odoo 😉

> In the default *Recruitment* dashboard view, all job positions are shown, regardless of status.

Author: OK, all things being equal, I went with menuselection @StraubCreative, since you do click on it, in some fashion at some point, so I went with that. All good now!

three dots in the upper right corner of the card to reveal several options, then click
:guilabel:`Edit` to edit the details.

.. image:: new_job/edit-job.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Edit the job position card.

Enter the job description in the *Job Description* tab. This information is what is visible to
potential employees when searching for available jobs.

Recruitment
~~~~~~~~~~~

All the basic information about the job position is listed under the *Recruitment* tab. None of
the fields are required, but it is a good idea to fill in the information pertaining to the specific
job, such as where the job is located.

.. image:: new_job/recruitment-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter job information details in the recruitment tab.

- :guilabel:`Company`: Select the company the job is for.
- :guilabel:`Website`: Select the website the job will be published.
- :guilabel:`Department`: Select the relevant department for the job position.
- :guilabel:`Expected New Employees`: Enter the number of employees to be hired for this position.
- :guilabel:`Contract Template`: Select a contract template that will be used when offering the job

>   to the candidate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to a candidate.
```

- :guilabel:`Interview Form`: Select a form that applicants will fill out prior to their interview,
  or create a new form. Once selected, a :guilabel:`Display (Name) Form` will appear next to the
  selected form. Click on this to see how the form will be displayed to the candidate on the front
  end.

.. image:: new_job/interview-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The interview form will display a link to see the form as the candidate will.

- :guilabel:`Recruiter`: Select the person who will be doing the recruiting for this role.

.. note::
   All the fields in the recruitment section, except for :guilabel:`Expected New Employees`, use a
   drop-down menu to make the selection.

Appraisals
~~~~~~~~~~

This tab displays both the Employee Feedback Template and the Manager Feedback Template which will
be used after the employee has been hired and the predetermined time has passed and feedback is
requested.

Create interview form
---------------------

> Once a job position has been made, the *Interview Form* needs to be created. Click on the three dots

Reviewer 2: Are we returning to the Kanban view to do this? If so, we should state that.

  question.
- :guilabel:`Multiple choice: multiple answers allowed`: Allows many answers to a multiple-choice
  question.
- :guilabel:`Matrix`: Allows for a customizable table to be presented for the candidate to choose an
  answer for each row.

Questions and sections can be reorganized. Click and drag individual sections or questions to the
desired position to move them.

Sections are indicated by a gray background, questions have a white background.

.. image:: new_job/questions-matrix.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A sample of categories and questions for a candidate.

Next, configure the options for the interview form. Click the :guilabel:`Options` tab to view all
the options to configure, by category.

.. image:: new_job/options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A sample of categories and questions for a candidate.

Questions
~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Layout`: Choose how the questions should be displayed.

  - *One page with all the questions*: Display all sections and questions at the same time.
  - *One page per section*: Display each section with the corresponding questions on an individual
    page.

>   - *One page per question*: Display a single question on each page.

Reviewer 2: Are all of these options selectable? If so, I would use a GUI label for each.

  selection of questions from each section (*randomized per section*). The latter is not typically
  selected for an interview form.

Scoring
~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`No scoring`: Click this option to not score the form.
- :guilabel:`Scoring with answers at the end`: Click this option to score the form and display
  the correct answers for the candidate when they are finished with the form.
- :guilabel:`Scoring without answers at the end`: Click this option to score the form but not
  display the answers at the end.

If one of the scoring options was selected, a *Success %* field appears. Enter the percentage the
candidate needs to pass the exam (example, 80.00%). The entry should be written in an “XX.XX”
format.

.. example::
   A software company, *Awesome Data*, is looking for new coders to hire. Since the skill set they
   need is very specific, an easy way to filter applicants is to give them a coding test. Scoring
   for a coding test is a perfect solution for *Awesome Data*, so they made a test with a required
   80% success rate. This has greatly helped their HR department save a lot of time finding the

>    right people!

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary. It feels a bit too salesy.

Candidates
~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Access Mode`: Select from the drop-down menu if anyone can access the exam if they have
  the link (*anyone with the link*), or if only candidates specifically invited to take the exam can
  access the exam (*invited people only*).
- :guilabel:`Appraisal Managers Only`: Check this box so only the managers who are reviewing the
  exam can see the answers. If left unchecked, anyone can view the results.
- :guilabel:`Login Required`: Check this box to require candidates to log in before taking the exam,
  whether they have a valid token or not.
- :guilabel:`Attempts Limit`:  If the exam should only be taken a specific number of times, check
  this box, then enter the maximum attempt number in the field next to it.

Live Session
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Reward quick answers`: If the exam is to be taken live, check this box to award more
  points to participants who answer quickly.

> - :guilabel:`Session Code`: Enter a code for participants to enter, to allow them into the
>   live exam session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Session Code`: Enter an access code that will allow viewers into the live exam session.
```
